test1: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test2: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test3: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test3: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test4: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test5: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test6: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test7: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test8: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test9: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test10: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions but specifically where there's a small number of buildings.
test11: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test12: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test13: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test14: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test15: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test16: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test17: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test18: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test19: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test20: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test21: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test22: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test23: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test24: This test case is a normal random case. Checking that the program works correctly under typical conditions.
test25: This test case is a hand-crafted edge case in which every building connects with every other building. Meaning that there is only one connected component. Does the solution correctly identify one large component?
test26: This test case is a hand-crafted edge case in which every building does not connect to any other. So if there are n buildings, there are n connected components. Does the solution correctly handle zero edges?